1) In which type of programs do you have a dashboard for reporting?
Email and Engagement, Email with A/B Test.
2) Given a sentence detemine which type of tokens have been used.
Eg:- Jon Smith filled out a form " XXX" on 9:11 am "date".
Lead token.
Date token
Filled out form is Trigger token.
3) What is the maximum number of rows that can be exported from a report?
5000 rows.
4) What is default number of rows that can be exported?
100 rows.
5) Default token value: "Hey there"? What does this do.
It displays "Hey there" in the email when the firt name is empty.
6) You want to mark it to people live on the site, which channel type would you use?
Tradeshow.
7) To ensure the deliverablity of the email, which section is necessary?
Text Version.
8) What does Munchkin help us track?
Visit Web page
Click link in webpage
9) The leads job title is external marketing manager, which thank you page would the lead be directed to?
Contains:-  Manager.
10) Progressive profiling - Displaying number of fields
Ans:- Number of blank fields option
11) Difference btw Marketo and ESP?
12) If a marketer wants to perform a Landing page A/B test in order to determine which brings out the most conversion, which report would you use.
Landing page performance report.
13) Which report has the functionality of drill down?
Lead performance report.
14) Why do we have to add custom columns in a report and oppurtunity columns?
Refer Lead performance report doc.
15) Adding an email to the top of the stream, will the emails be sent to exhausted members?
Yes, all the members in the stream will receive the email.
16) Roles of stakeholders in the company.
17) Which are the two final stake holders who have to determine the qualified state of lead?
18) What the pre-requistie for using dynamic content?
Snippet or segmentation.
19) Token inheritence from which holder.
[1:10 AM]
20) Use of advanced filter logic?
21) Marketer has three new whitepapers that he wants to create smart campaigns for which program type and channel would he use?
Default program with the channel of web form.
22) Which metric is used to calculate cost per success?
[1:12 AM]
23) Marketer wants to reset the score of leads who have unsubscribed. What are the two ways by which this can be accomplished?
Running a batch smart campaign, manual edition.
24) Differnece between smart list and segmentation?
[1:15 AM]
25) Editing duplicates filter
Will change it in posible duplicates smart list in Database.
[1:16 AM]
26) Difference between hard bounce and soft bounce.
27) Marketer wants to pop up a form when a lead visits a website?
Ans:- Embed code within form for lightbox.
[1:17 AM]
28) Change score =0. No score reset.
Hari Krishnan [1:26 AM]
29) Determine attribiutes in score change.
30) Marketer has imported static list into a program and wants to add those leads to an engagement program. Which flow steps are used?
Add to engagement program flow step